6. Mention the reason(s) you think makes you the most suitable candidate to lead the club ( at least 100 words). Also, if you are trying for more than one club, please mention accordingly.
*
I believe I am the most suitable candidate to lead the Spotlight Club because it aligns perfectly with my aspirations to explore new opportunities, interact with peers, and make meaningful connections. My experience as the Vice President of the Social Service Club has significantly boosted my confidence and  leadership skills. Despite initially being an introvert, I have developed strong communication skills and the ability to bring people together for collaborative tasks.

As a fourth-semester student at DWIT, there are still many people I would love to get to know and engage with. The Spotlight Club offers a platform to enhance general knowledge and public speaking abilities while fostering creativity and fun. I am confident in my ability to involve even the shyest and most introverted people, creating an inclusive and engaging environment for all. My friendly demeanor, sense of responsibility, and diplomatic approach ensure that I can lead effectively while maintaining a supportive atmosphere.

My goal as president would be to create a dynamic and engaging environment within DWIT. Through innovative event ideas, I aim to make a significant impact, ensuring that the club remains a vibrant and integral part of our college community. I am committed to ensuring that everyone who joins the club leaves with something meaningful to look back on, reflecting on their time in Spotlight with fondness and personal growth. My passion for leadership, along with my experience and enthusiasm, makes me confident that I can lead the Spotlight Club to new heights. 
7. Mention any shortcomings that you have seen with the running of existing club of your choice(s).
One of the shortcoming that I have seen is the lack of consistent leadership. The Spotlight Club previously had no president, which led to its potential for engaging people and fostering connections going unrealized.
8. Mention three key contributions you wish to make. (You must have observed the club of your choice from close quarters. Mention how differently you would run the club.)
*
The three key contribution I wish to make to the Spotlight club are:

1. I wish to expand the podcast series into a versatile and engaging platform that covers a wide range of topics and welcomes diverse voices. This could feature special guest appearances, discussions on true crime stories, movie reviews, technology, sports, and other engaging subjects. The podcast could become a space for casual conversations, filled with laughter and shared stories, creating an enriching experience for the audience. This would enhance the club's offerings, and attract a diverse audience while providing valuable content and entertainment.

2. Amidst hectic schedules, I plan to conduct fun games and challenges  to strengthen bonds, foster friendships, and provide a safe haven from the busyness of college life. One of the key events I envision is celebrating  festivals like Dashain by organizing a  fun activity of flying kite . Other events could be done too for different occasions showcasing how they are celebrated by the members of the DWIT community. 


3. Lastly, I would like to include a movie showing event.  I could tie it with my existing events by selecting movies that align with themes or topics discussed in the podcasts or it could be a film/documentary of choice . It could be a fun way to unwind, socialize, and enjoy some entertainment together. 


I envision the Spotlight Club not only as a source of fun and engagement but also as a platform for personal development and confidence-building. If given the opportunity to lead this club, my main focus would be to reintroduce innovative and fun events. These events would be captured and shared on various platforms, allowing the club to be a cherished medium to look back on whenever we want to. I would like to make this club a platform to develop public speaking and camera-facing skills and to learn about managing tasks, editing, and different aspects of producing a show.  Therefore, my main focus will be to facilitate a space where all the members and the participants can connect, learn, and grow together.



